Understand blockchain terminology updates 2 - Closes 1739 (#1767)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/understand-blockchain/index.adoc

.Shared on-chain logic, optional off-chain logic
****
All nodes belonging to the same Lisk application must share the same *on-chain logic* as described in <<Modules>>.
On the contrary, the *off-chain logic* as discussed in <<Plugins>> can differ from node to node.

> ****

Reviewer: `== The three domains of a sidechain`

should be 

`== The three domains of a blockchain`

* *Application* layer (includes the <<app-domain,application domain>>)
* *Engine* layer (includes the <<net-domain,network >> and <<con-domain,consensus domains>>)

A detailed illustration of a Lisk app's architecture can be seen in the following diagram below.

//TODO: Update diagram to be fully visible with dark theme
.The architecture of a Lisk application
image::architecture.png[lisk-framework-architecture, 700 , align="center"]

> 

Reviewer: `The application layer handles state changes to the blockchain.`

==== State machine

As the name suggests, a xref:{url_understand_state_machine}[state machine] is relevant to the states of a machine.

> A blockchain client relies heavily on its state machine to mutate the state of a sidechain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A blockchain client relies heavily on its state machine to mutate the state of a blockchain.
```

* *States:* A state machine is deterministic and can have multiple states, but only one state at any given time.
In the context of the Lisk blockchain, a *key-value store* represents the current state of the blockchain, containing all on-chain data of the blockchain.

* *Transitions*: A transition is defined as the instantaneous transfer from one state to another state.
In the context of the Lisk blockchain, a *transition* of the state is triggered through *blocks* and the *transactions* present in those blocks; i.e. every new block that is added to the blockchain mutates the state of the blockchain.

*Modules* facilitate state changes in a blockchain.

> Lisk app developers can create their own custom business logic for the sidechain by creating their own modules or reusing existing ones, and registering them to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lisk app developers can create their own custom on-chain business logic by creating their own modules or reusing existing ones, and registering them to the client.
```

If the received block is verified, then the receiving node adds it to its blockchain instance.

==== Data Stores
Each blockchain node is an instance of a particular blockchain and each node keeps its data in various data stores.
This data is of the following two types: on-chain and off-chain.

> * *On-chain* data includes but is not limited to state data of the chain, account balance, nonce, multi-signature keys, generators' information, and the Sparse Merkel tree, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *On-chain* data includes but is not limited to state data of the chain, account balance, nonce, multi-signature keys, generators' information, and the Sparse Merkle tree, etc.
```

Blockchain clients support three industry-standard communication protocols:

. Inter-Process Communication (IPC)
. Web Sockets (WS), and
. Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).

The communication protocol of a blockchain client can be changed through xref:{url_advanced_architecture_config}[configurations].

It is possible to communicate to modules and plugins directly by invoking xref:{url_advanced_communication_endpoints}[endpoints] via an RPC request, or by subscribing to xref:{url_advanced_communication_events}[events].

It is recommended to use the IPC/WebSocket protocols where possible, as they provide more enhanced performance regarding the response times, (see the blog post: {url_blog_benchmark}[Benchmarking Lisk Core v3.0.0 against Lisk Core v2.1.6]).

For more information about the communication architecture, see xref:{url_advanced_communication}[Communicating to a Lisk node via RPC].

== Frontend & UI integration

.Different Lisk application structures
image::intro/ui-diagrams.png["Two ways of integrating a UI into a blockchain application",1000]

> Lisk applications usually consist of a frontend and a backend (blockchain client), just like normal web applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lisk applications usually consist of a frontend and a backend (blockchain client), just like traditional web applications.
```
Alternatively, you can use "usual" instead of "traditional", but (in my opinion) "traditional" is better.

> In contrast to normal server-client applications, there is not one central backend, but rather a whole network of nodes running instances of a similar blockchain client, that together secure and maintain the status of the blockchain.

Reviewer 2: For better readability I inserted "However":

```suggestion
However, in contrast to traditional server-client applications, there is not one central backend, but rather a whole network of nodes running instances of a similar blockchain client, that together secure and maintain the status of the blockchain.
```
